Update document-fingerprinting.md (#11193)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/document-fingerprinting.md

- Files that contain only images
- Documents that don't contain all the text from the original form used to create the document fingerprint
- Files greater than 10 MB

> - Fingerprints are stored in a separate rule pack which has a maximum size limit of 150KB. Given, this limit you will be able to create around 50 fingerprints per tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fingerprints are stored in a separate rule pack that has a maximum size limit of 150 KB. Given this limit, you can create around 50 fingerprints per tenant.
```
